this is a crazy laptop there are a lot
of companies out there that make some
really impressive gaming laptops but
oftentimes I find them more gimmicky
than not but when they first announced
this I remember thinking that this
legitimately looked like something that
I would want to test out and it looked
like something that could actually be
really useful so this is the Acer Helios
700 and it has what they call the hyper
drift keyboard and it really is what
makes this laptop special this keyboard
can shift down and the purpose of it is
twofold one it sets it up into a more
comfortable typing position so your
hands have this built-in wrist rest for
when you're playing games or typing and
it also opens up the performance
capabilities of this device it actually
improves it to a significant degree it
actually makes it both fast and furious
now when you open and close this
keyboard or like when you shift it up
and down like when you shift it back up
it doesn't make a sound but when you
pull it down it puts out that techy kind
of spaceship sound you can make it
quieter just by lowering the system
volume but it's no it's a sound effect
we actually put some effort into making
it kind of this cohesive experience when
you open and close the hyper drift
keyboard so does this work does this
keyword actually do what it's supposed
to do it does absolutely it does but it
has some quirks so I'm gonna focus this
video first on the keyboard experience
itself when you use this laptop with the
keyboard shifted up the keyboard
positioning isn't super comfortable it's
a relatively thick machine so your hand
is just rested up on this device there's
a pretty big drop at the edge of the
laptop now the reason why it's so thick
is because it's a super powerful gaming
laptop this has the fastest CPU
available in the market it also has the
fastest mobile GPU on the market as well
it's an 8 core 99 80 it's
overclock well it can hit 5 gigahertz
and the GPU is an art 620 80 so you do
need something thick to cool it properly
but when your laptop is in this position
it is not the most comfortable typing
experience but when you bring this thing
down it's super comfortable I would
actually consider this to be the most
comfortable gaming laptop keyboard that
I've ever used so normally when you play
on any
a gaming laptop the edge of the device
where you rest your wrist does dig into
your wrist a little bit over time it's
not something that's super annoying but
it does happen on basically every single
laptop out there unless you have some
kind of third-party wrist rest this has
a built in and it just makes the whole
gaming and/or typing experience really
nice the trackpad however is not in a
good spot when it's shifted down like
this I don't know what it is exactly
like physiologically but there's just a
weird angle that the trackpad is now at
it's not a particularly comfortable
position okay the keys also have
backlighting they're all individually
lit so if you want to go into the
software and customize it like crazy you
can there's also macro keys if you're
into that but the WASD Keys also have an
alternative set of key caps that they
include and these actually remind me of
the key caps in that $9,000 curved
screen gaming laptop that Acer also made
like several years ago they don't only
serve as an aesthetic change they
obviously look different but they also
have a different mechanism in terms of
how they spring back up the keys that
are built into the keyboard like the
default ones those use a rubber dome to
spring it up and down these use a metal
spring and they actually feel a little
bit different when they're installed
it's a little bit more responsive and
the keys are slightly higher than the
stock key caps but the typing experience
on the whole is really good I think most
people will enjoy this keyboard
quite readily now the other thing that
this shifting keyboard does this whole
hyper drift mechanism is that it opens
up the air flow for the internals now
when you slide this thing down you can
see a cool window into the heat pipes
but you also have these two fans on the
left and right that are very powerful
and push a ridiculous amount of air
through the system it's a little weird
to see this kind of air flow on a gaming
laptop but remember they're cooling
something that's very powerful very hot
and by shifting the keyboard down like
this and opening up the air flow like
the air pathway it allows it to cool it
very effectively these fans however when
you put it on turbo are super loud I'm
just going to hit it real quick
it's loud now you don't have to run
turbo when it's opened up like this you
can run it on default mode and it's not
super loud even when you're playing
games on default mode but if you turbo
it it's super loud it pushes a crazy
amount of air but you get some crazy
performance that you just cannot get on
a laptop otherwise both the CPU and the
GPU overclockable and software and when
you do like when you crank everything up
to the max and you let the fans rip this
thing has very similar performance to a
desktop running an RT X 2080 it's just a
really really powerful system now if you
want to run this device in turbo mode
for the best possible performance then
if you're playing games I highly
recommend getting headphones to plug in
because the fans are so loud like you
got to crank everything to be able to
hear on top of these fans and for the
rest of the review I'll be doing it over
these fans just we kind of get a vibe of
I'm kidding
okay the screen it's a 17 inch panel I
do wish they had gone with a bigger
panel like there's space on the bottom
and sides for a larger panel the bezels
are quite large on this device the panel
itself is good it's a high-end gaming
panel 144 Hertz bright color accurate
there's nothing I really have to
complain about the actual image quality
it's just that the bezels are thick
there's a good number of ports around
this device it does not have an SD card
slot but basically everything else the
battery life is short I mean you expect
it to be short on a device like this
it's around a two hour battery and the
AC adapter is pretty large now the
speakers they're located on the front
there's actually two on the front and
two right below the screen it's a really
nice sound system but keep in mind that
regardless of how nice the speakers are
if you have turbo mode enabled you just
it's not going to happen you need
headphones for that the internals are
also easy to get into you get access to
the two RAM slots the two nvme drives
and if you go a little bit deeper you
get access to the two and a half inch
SATA as well as the Wi-Fi card now my
overall thoughts on this machine there
are like I said in the beginning the
video a lot of companies that make
gimmicky stuff in the gaming laptop
industry this does not feel like that to
me it's a big machine it's very powerful
but it actually feels like legitimately
useful for certain users if you're
someone who values high CPU clock speed
and you just want all eight cores
at full bore this is one of the machines
that can do it and the hyper drift
keyboard like its unique right this is
the only device in the world with that
type of keyboard right now I do think
that maybe Acer can transition this tech
into smaller devices it is pretty cool I
feel like because the keyboard brings
something new that other people don't
have it's really difficult to compare
this to other devices like one to one
like that the keyboard is super
comfortable the performance is really
good and because of that I would
consider this a winner and I do remember
someone really wise said it doesn't
matter if you win by an inch or a mile
winning is winning because under this
video thumbs have you liked it
subs have you loved it see you guys next
time